British English Academy.
B1 listening activity.
Course: B1 Independent English.
Module 6: B1 Review, Projects and Integrated Skills.
Lesson 4: B1 Review, Projects and Integrated Skills: Listening Lesson 4.
Listen for the opinion, reason and example.
Listen carefully. You will hear the model once, then answer the question.
Learning objective: Learners can explain, narrate, give reasons and manage familiar situations in a listening task about media.
Today you will practise language connected to media.
Target language: passive voice basics.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise listening for b1 review, projects and integrated skills. You will learn useful language connected to media and practise passive voice basics. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B1 level.